Docs: Add link to request x86_64 Docker image (#215)
cipherstash/proxy: docs/reference.md

| `cipherstash_proxy_statements_total`                  | Counter   | Total number of SQL statements processed by CipherStash Proxy               |
| `cipherstash_proxy_statements_unmappable_total`       | Counter   | Total number of unmappable SQL statements processed by CipherStash Proxy    |

## Supported architectures

> CipherStash Proxy provides Docker images for `linux/arm64` architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CipherStash Proxy is [available as a Docker container image](https://hub.docker.com/r/cipherstash/proxy) for `linux/arm64` architectures.
```
